                       CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                                (Fall 2015)
                Department of Computer Science and Engineering
                     University of California, San Diego


                Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #2

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form.
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Mithun Chakaravarrti Dharmaraj


B: Sai Kishan Pampana



(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

                                A              B
meetings                                     30
coding                                       60
writeup                                      5
planning (alone)                             20
total (including meetings)                   100


(3) Describe
  (a) what the major responsibilities of each team member were;
        Sai Kishan Pampana: I tired to make changes to the code using various methods and trying to optimise the performance by varying the parameteres.
  (b) whether or not you completed the assignment;
        Yes
  (c) the major strengths and weaknesses in your team, e.g. how
      your team worked together;
        Sai Kishan Pampana: I've spent too much time on reading the text of the paper by volkov and the ppt of volkov. I should have tried to spend more time implementation and discuss ideas with the prof.
  (d) the lessons learned from these events;
        Sai Kishan Pampana: I think I should have discussed the problems that I was facing with the prof more instead of trying to read the text of volkov to get my answer. I realised that discussion in this assignment helped me out a lot. 
  (e) whether and how you plan to change the way your work together and
	I think we worked pretty well together. 
  (f) anything else that comes to mind.
	I had a lot of ideas that I could not put into acions. So maybe from next time I'll do it faster
